SonicWall SMA docs (#1389)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/features/collect/integrations/network/sonicwall_sma.md

uuid: 622999fe-d383-4d41-9f2d-eed5013fe463
name: SonicWall SMA
type: intake

## Overview

SonicWall Secure Mobile Access offers secure and seamless remote access to corporate resources, applications, and data, enhancing workforce mobility while maintaining robust security and compliance measures.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

!!! warning
    Important note - This format is currently in beta. We highly value your feedback to improve its performance.

```

{!_shared_content/operations_center/detection/generated/suggested_rules_622999fe-d383-4d41-9f2d-eed5013fe463_do_not_edit_manually.md!}

{!_shared_content/operations_center/integrations/generated/622999fe-d383-4d41-9f2d-eed5013fe463.md!}

## Configure

This setup guide will show you how to forward your SonicWall SMA logs to Sekoia.io by means of a syslog transport channel.

### Prerequisites

- Must have GMS server or On-Prem Analytics server installed and configured.

> - Have an Address Object Created on the Firewall for SonicWall Analytics system.

Reviewer: Where do you get this information?

Author: Yes my fail. Did not cleanup from `sonicwall fw`. Thank you!

- Have an internal log concentrator (Rsyslog)

### Enable Syslog forwarding for SonicWall SMA

> 1. Log in to the SonicWall SMA appliance’s management interface

Reviewer: Could you add this screenshot in the documentation?

![SonicWall_syslog_interface](https://github.com/SEKOIA-IO/documentation/assets/280824/130f6b45-e12a-4ed7-a363-e71428d0cde3)

2. Go to `Log > Settings`
3. In the Log & Alert levels section, define the severity level of log messages.

> 4. In the syslog settings, type the ip address and the port of our log concentrator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the syslog settings, type the ip address and the port of your log concentrator as Primary syslog server.
```
